You even dare to hit me
How about hitting you?
What are you?
I caught the Chen family
Way I received
If you have the ability, you can find me.
What kind of good boy are you looking for Zhao Tiegang?
I don't care who you are.
You're dead today.
Kill him for me right now
Keep in mind
Please advise on dealing with rubbish like you
I'm enough
Arrogance Try my kung fu
Please advise, then come
Yeah.
Wang Qian, are you awake?
waste
Uh-huh.
This woman in the big country is amazing
My poison is useless, trash
Zhao Tiegang
Are you really going to go along with this kid?
What complicity?
Mr. Ouyang spent 5,000 and failed to invest
Can your Chen family do it?
It seems that after so many years
What are you Chen family doing?